DWS (dachte web services) is software designed to act as a blog and review
engine for my website. You can install and use it too.

Installation
------------
DWS is a standalone webserver that you should configure your existing
webserver to proxy some traffic to. It's designed to be container-friendly
and is significantly configured with environment variables

It uses Postgres to store its data (but would be pretty easy to rewrite for another
database).

Configuration
-------------
Much configuration is in the database, but the following environment variables
handle the basics:

* DWS_PORT (default 8000) - what port to serve on
* DWS_DB (default dws) - what database to connect to
* DWS_USER (default pound) - what postgres user to use to connect to that database
* DWS_PASS (default posterkid) - what password to use with the above user to connect to that database

Before any of this will work, you will want to create that user in postgres,
you'll want to setup postgres for password authentication. This is done by modifying
pg_hba.conf, and then doing something like 
CREATE USER pound WITH PASSWORD 'posterkid';
from the administrator account. Operational knowledge on Postgres is generally
useful. You will probably also want to make another account to administer the app, and give it
the SUPERUSER attribute.

After you do that, you will want to load the tables and minimal data, and possibly
the sample data. Something like:

$ createdb dws
$ psql dws < sql/mk_db.sql
$ psql dws < sql/db_load_sampledata.sql (this is just for demo purposes and should not be done
for an install you intend to use)

Posting things
--------------
There's a commandline client called dwsdc. It's meant to be used with a directory full of
files with their name being just an epochtime, corresponding to the time the post in the file
is meant to have been posted. You can do something like "dwsdc post 1516581464" and it'll
post the file with that name into the blog. Features of a post are stuck inside that file
with something like
[!Title:This is the title of this post]
alone on a line. There are other attributes you can set that way too.

Posting of reviews is still on its way.

Right now I don't plan to implement web-based posting; I don't want to think about the security side
of that, and it'd add considerable complexity to the code (and besides, I like vim).

Status
------
This code is fairly bare-bones at this point. There are unimplemented features all around,
in the UI and elsewhere. It works though.

